I owe some guys 100 grand and I gotta
get it to him in 30 days you want to
dictate an entire book to me in 30 days
that's right are you out of your mind
meet Alex he writes what's your book
about it's about the powerlessness of
being in love no it devours the inside
of a person like a deadly virus it's a
comedy meet Emma she types ample bosom
in every book I've ever read whenever
there's an ample bosom there's always
heaving you could type and I could write
that'd be really terrific you're the one
who introduced the bosoms I'm simply
asking if you'd like them to Eve the
beauty of writing is you can have things
work out the way they never seem to in
life bill that will help you get settled
in the guest cottage Hey
here we are there are things that I take
from real life that work for the story
so is everything in this book truth here
we go again
don't you like swooty Pistons I am wait
a minute wait a mo
she's an American and her name's Anna
hello Adam looks a little different
today did you do something to your hair
this
good you're creating a triangle Polina
Adam Anna can't always control what
happens to characters sometimes they
take you not accepting places from Rob
Reider the director of When Harry Met
Sally
I don't like tomato skins who are you
Luke Wilson and the reader doesn't know
who he's gonna wind up with you who
commands Kate Hudson she that's not the
love Kate Hudson I was just washing my
house and Kate Hudson who does he end up
with see
oh he's stood looking into her eyes
shriek kiss her you know us Hardy had no
choice
Alex and Emma